hi I'm Noah and I'm going to show you
how to clean your registry the Windows
registry is something which is very
dangerous to try and clean or change by
yourself because if you somehow don't do
this correctly you could cause some
serious errors to occur on your computer
however cleaning it up successfully of a
program can make your computer run a lot
better now first thing you'll want to do
before trying to clean the registry is
make a backup of it to do this just go
to the Start menu and then select run
here simply type rag edits dot X a so re
GED ite Exe then simply click OK and
this will launch the registry editor of
Windows here if you go to file you can
choose export to make a backup copy
simply choose where you want to save it
on your computer enter a name such as
registry backup and then click Save now
that you have a backup copy of your
registry you can go ahead and try to
edit it we're going to clean it up this
is very difficult and very unsafe to do
by hand because you can cause serious
damage to your PC so you'll want to use
a free registry cleaning program a
simple google search for free registry
cleaner will turn up lots of results now
there's no reason to get tricked into
paying for one of these programs because
there are plenty of very good free ones
some of them are simply plain registry
cleaners which will do just that
while others can do other things as well
such as cleaning up temporary Internet
files and just cleaning up all kinds of
programs on your computer see CCleaner
is an example of this you can find it at
WWC cleaner com
and it has a very good registry cleaner
included